You
Oops, why are you so careless
Now this watch is broken and worthless
How can you pay for this 5 million
How about this
You kneel down for me
Anyway, you are also in the service industry
It shouldn't be difficult to kneel down
You
Too deep
Enough is enough, I said
I want this wedding dress
5 million me out
You are endless, come on
Blow this poor dog out for me
But I see people are low
Then I will buy your store together
Are you out of your mind?
My store is a top luxury wedding dress store
Worth 3,000 w
Even if you sell you, it won't be worth a fraction of my store
Hey, he wants to stand up for this bitch Fang Ling
Then give him this chance
I'd like to see how many guts he can pull out of his pocket
Swipe your card
Yes
This is the Supreme Black Gold Card